H1. 
This proof is based off of Theorem 4.17 in Sipser which uses diagonalization to show that â„ is uncountable.

The proof is by contradiction.  Suppose that a correspondence ğ‘“ existed between between LC and Dáµ¢.
Our job is to show that ğ‘“ fails to work as is should.
For it to be a correspondence, ğ‘“ must pair all the members of LC with all the members of Dáµ¢.
But we will find an ğ“ in LC that is not paired with anything in Dáµ¢, which will be our contradiction.

By construction, we will create a decidable machine ğ“.  
To construct ğ“, we will select one decidable string based on each Dáµ¢ which is not in Dáµ¢ and add it to ğ“, to make ğ“ different from the deciders recognized by LC.
Here we see that LC cannot determine every turing machine which is a decider as our ğ“ is a decidable turing machine which does not have a correspondence with LC.
By contradiction of our premise that for each decider in LC, LC corresponds to a decider Dáµ¢.
We see that ğ‘“(ğ“) does not have correspondence in LC, proving that LC is not countable and therefore not turing recognizable.


H2. 
This proof is based off of the proof for Atm, which we know to be undecidable.
Here we see that LD = { < T > | T is a Turing Machine that accepts w if it also accepts wR }
Here x is the union of w and wR
In this case, we know that Atm is undecidable for the following definition:
Atm = { < M,x > | M is a TM and M accepts x}

Another approach I believe would be to say that both w and wR are undecidable by our our assumption of Atm so the union of w and wR must also be undecidable.

H3. 
This appears simple. Upon halting, simply exchange the verdicts of accept or reject.
For a bit more elaboration, we know that a turing decidable language must either accept, reject, or halt.
This means that if we are to flip the verdicts of the machine, it will still accept, reject or halt in a finite number of steps which meet the requirements of both recognizability and decidability.

We also know that for a language to be decidable, both a lanuage and it's complement must be recognizable.
Therefore, if a language is decidable, then by definition, it's complement is already known to be recognizable and therefore decidable as well.

H4.
Here we will prove by contradiction that the complement of Atm is not recognizable.
First we assume Atm' is recognizable and co-recognizable.
Because we know Atm is recognizable, our theorem that implies that if both a language and it's complement are recognizable then it is also decidable must hold.
We know that Atm is not decidable which is a contradiction of our original assumption.
Therefore Atm' cannot be recognizable.

H5.
The proofs were closely aligned with examples given in the book.  
I struggled through many of these proofs, often feeling as though I was only writing things down to make some impression of progress.
However, as I continued to slug through them, I found a deeper understanding of the concepts and by the time I finished the proof, I felt confident I understood what my proofs were conveying to the reader.
Some of the proofs felt as though they could be conveyed in a single sentence however further elaboration felt necessary to demonstrate knowledge.
The first proof was certainly the most difficult conceptually as it required me to re-read some of Sipser.
The rest of them had an intuitive feel to them and I only hope that my intuition is correct.
I feel as though I understand my proofs to the extent that I understand the material. 